what's up everyone I'm Sylvio Perez I'm
the founder of AD conversion we teach
B2B marketers how to scale paid ads with
free advertising courses taught by the
world's best practitioners and in this
quick video I want to show you the top
four YouTube ads retargeting segments
that I recommend that you leverage in
your YouTube ad campaigns so let's get
into it now this entire article is based
on a multi-channel B2B retargeting
strategy blueprint that I created it's
35 pages over 5,000 words it's pretty
insane and if I do say so myself and you
can check out that article in the
description box down below as long as
well as with all of the videos that are
part of this playlist Associated to
executing a multi- channel B2B
retargeting strategy so anywh who the
top four segments that I recommend that
you leverage on YouTube is all website
visitors all YouTube video viewers all
YouTube subscribers and then anyone that
visited your pricing demo trial and case
study pages so walking you through this
a little bit more we're going to want to
set up multiple time frames by the
retargeting segment so the vision is is
we'll have different campaigns by time
cohort so a 30-day campaign a 90-day
campaign and 180-day campaign if you can
swing it in terms of your available
audience size if not like in my case add
conversions in New Brand your company we
don't have as large of a retargeting
audience we're just going to focus on
one cohort of time which is probably
going to be 90 days to start and then
we'll do everything around 90 and then
over time if we get enough reach we can
do 30 and then we can do 180 this is
pretty self-explanatory but anyone that
visited your website we want to retarget
those individuals anybody that watched
your YouTube videos is now an eligible
viewer this is such a highquality
audience Source especially if you're
you're active with your YouTube channel
and you're creating content even better
is anyone that's subscribed to YouTube
channel these are people who ideally
know and trust you so the ROI from this
audience is quite substantial and then
this last segment here is the idea is
you want to retarget high intent pages
so you can think of this as like an
e-commerce abandoned card type play
anyone that went to your trial page they
left let's show them an ad getting them
to hopefully complete their free trial
and convert into a user so showing you
here in the ads manager how you would
actually build this out in Google ads
you're going to go to tools and settings
and then navigate to the audience
manager if your Google ads manager looks
different than mine they're always
running different beta tasks with
different UI skins and layouts just try
to find the OD uh the audience manager
when you do you're going to create a new
source and you're going to see these
different options of web users app users
YouTube visitors and customer list
you're going to want to click website
visitors here and we're going to give
this a name if you've been following
along in this series you know I always
put remarketing in Brackets first and
then I put the name of the segment so
you can call this YouTube viewers and
then the time frame so 30 days or
actually I should say web visitors I'm
already thinking ahead here web visits
30 days so this is a consistent naming
convention you can Leverage so you just
type in remm and then all of your
remarketing segments will pop up but any
visitors of your web pages in the last
30 days you can add in some additional
conditions here if you want to but the
idea is we're building this large pool
of people and then we can go ahead and
create this and then I would redo this
process for each time frame so then 90
days and then I would switch this up to
90 days really cool thing about YouTube
or I should say Google is they let you
go up to 540 days it's pretty incredible
how big of a Time frame you can have but
really if it's past 180 days in my
experience it's usually too long and
that person is cold at that point and
you should just hit them up with
prospecting so we we're going to repeat
this process for each segment so for 30
90 180 depending on what you have
available and then for the users you're
going to click YouTube users audience
you're going to name it again same
naming convention and if you've been
following along and you feel like it's
very repetitive I'm glad because it
should be we can't scale complicated we
want to have things consistent across
all of the channels so that we can build
a multi-channel approach so it all
builds off each other and it's not just
this fragmented thing so we'll do
YouTube viewers here and then you can
click on your channel so you can see I
have my channel linked to my Google ads
account and then anyone that viewed any
of my videos in the past 30 days I can
build an audience off that even better
than that I can do is anyone that
subscribe to my channel which is really
cool and then I can do in the past 30
days and if you're running specific
types of ads you can also retarget
People based on ad ads but generally for
this big retargeting ecosystem we're
going to focus on any video viewers and
then any subscribers so I would just
recreate this process and do it for each
segment and that is essentially it and
then for the pricing demo trial and case
study bouncers you're going to do that
with the web visitor audience but
instead of any web page visit you're
going to you're going to specify that
condition right so we can refine the
action where like the page URL contains
demo or trial to get a little bit more
specific on who we're going after uh one
last thing I want to cover cover is you
don't you only see these four segments
but another option for you the reason I
didn't add it is cuz some people just
don't have this luxury is if you have a
good CRM and you have strong customer
list data you have good contact data
that you can use you can upload that
contact data here into Google ads so
that you can use it with your YouTube
ads campaigns the downside is the match
rates on Google and my experience are
really low you're going to want to make
sure that ideally you have as many
personal email addresses as you can
Google will match based on the Google
Suite profile so even if it's not a
personal email if it's a business email
Google will be able to find out if that
business email is located with a G Suite
account and then be able to match it
against that user so try to leverage all
the data you have and give it a shot you
can upload a customer list of for
example like any Clos loss contacts uh
you can upload a customer list of any
existing customers and then we use that
as an exclusion audience customer list
is another great option for you if you
do have that as a available thing in
terms of data at your disposal so
anyways that is it for this video if you
want more on retargeting and building a
multi Channel B2B retargeting strategy
again check out the article in the
description box down below and check out
the other videos in this playlist as we
cover all the other channels such as uh
Twitter AKA X meta AKA Facebook and
Instagram we've talked about YouTube in
this video and then we also cover
LinkedIn all right I'll see you in the
next one